# Travel Enthusiast

  Currently, there are many ways for individuals to communicate, share ideas and stories but there isn’t a central dedicated site for the travel aficionado. This is where the Travel Enthusiasts comes in. Travel Enthusiasts will become an all-inclusive site for all things travel. On this site, among other things, users can write / read travel stories, can search travel deals, connect with possible travel buddies or simply get recommendations on when and where to travel.

  The site will consist of a standard sharing format. On this site, user published content will be the main attraction. Users will be encouraged to create a synopsis of their trip, often focusing on a particular part of their trip (things that shocked them, experiences on their trip that where unexpected, the most memorable part of their trip, a description of a photo that captured a magical moment, here the options are endless). This trip synopsis will have a character limit, thus users have to be conscientious on how they portray their trip in a unique and appealing way.

  At first, The Travel Enthusiasts site will consist of a login page, a registration page, a main page detailing all experiences, a page detailing stories per specific experiences, an add an experience page, add story page, an about me / contact me page. When a user connects to the site he or she will be brought to login page. At this point new users will be given the option of registering an account with Travel Enthusiasts. Once logged in, users will be taken to the main page. The main page will display all experiences posted on the site. This experience list can be narrowed down by title,experience type or username. Finally the page will contain an about me / contact me page in which I will craft a small message to users letting them know a little about me, my motivations for creating the website and my hopes for the site’s future. On the about me / contact me page users will have the option to message me directly. In the future, users will have the option to take advantage of any travel deals (external link) posted by our partner companies, direct message a user and rate the stories of other users. 

